What right do you have
To point fingers
At my decisions?
What right do my employees
Have to obey you unquestioningly?
I admit
You’ve poured your sweat and effort
Into the company
But
I’m the chairman of the group
I’m the one
Just because of
Power
So
You never loved me?
Correct
I never loved you
Because you
Aren’t even worthy of the word “love”
Because your title
Helped the company raise funds
And go public
But now
You have no
Value left
Let me go
I’ll leave Fù Shì
From now on
We’ll have nothing to do with each other
You’ve been with me for three years
How are you still so naive?
Hahaha
Let you go
So you can oppose Fù Shì
And cause trouble for me?
Qín Ruò Yǔ
I want you dead
Come out, all of you
She’s in your hands
You know what to do, right?
Don’t worry, Young Master Fù
I’ll make her regret
Ever coming into this world